Adding basic example to run (#906)
OctopusDeploy/docs: docs/octopus-rest-api/octopus.server.exe-command-line/run.md

      --help                 Show detailed help for this command
```

## Basic example

> This example will start the default instance in debug mode in the console

Reviewer: ```suggestion

This example starts the default instance in debug mode in the console:
```
